Update the Garbage Collection (GC) documents as per the change from root data store -> aliasing (#12257)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/runtime/container-runtime/garbageCollection.md

# Garbage Collection

> Garbage collection (GC) is the process by which Fluid Framework performs automatic memory management. GC will run periodically and safely delete objects that are not used. The only responsibility of the users of Fluid Framework is to add and remove references to Fluid objects correctly.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "memory management" because that calls to mind RAM/working set.  FF already doesn't load stuff that's not used in the doc (although it does have to download it serialized in the snapshot...).

## Why have Garbage Collection?

> GC reduces the size of the Fluid file, the in-memory content and the summary that is uploaded to / downloaded from the server. It saves COGS on the server and it makes containers load time faster as there is less data to download and process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GC reduces the size of the Fluid file at rest, the in-memory content and the summary that is uploaded to / downloaded from the server. It saves COGS on the server and it makes containers load faster as there is less data to download and process.
```

## What do I need to do?

> All Fluid objects that are in use must be marked as referenced so that they are not deleted by GC. Similarly, references to all unused Fluid objects should be removed so that they can be deleted by GC. It is the responsibility of the users of Fluid Framework to correctly add and remove references to Fluid objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Fluid objects that are in use must be properly referenced so that they are not deleted by GC. Similarly, references to all unused Fluid objects should be removed so that they can be deleted by GC. It is the responsibility of the users of Fluid Framework to correctly add and remove references to Fluid objects.
```

## How do I reference / unreference Fluid objects?
Currently, the only Fluid objects that are eligible for GC are data stores and attachment blobs. The following sections describe how you can mark them as referenced or unreferenced.

> ### Data stores

Reviewer: Let's add a note at the start of this section about DDSes (feel free to adjust the wording, or even split the second part into a separate note later):

> Note: When we speak of a "referenced DDS", we mean a DDS created by a DataStore which is referenced. And likewise, when we speak of storing a handle to a DataStore, storing a handle to any one of its DDSes will mark the whole DataStore as referenced.

> There are 2 ways to add reference to data stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 ways to reference a data store:
```

>   - Store the data stores's ([IFluidHandle](../../../common/lib/core-interfaces/src/handles.ts)) in a referenced DDS that supports handle in its data. For example, a data store's handle can be stored in a referenced `SharedMap` DDS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Store the data stores's handle (see [IFluidHandle](../../../common/lib/core-interfaces/src/handles.ts)) in a referenced DDS that supports handle in its data. For example, a data store's handle can be stored in a referenced `SharedMap` DDS.
```

  - Alias the data store. Aliased data stores are rooted in the container, i.e., they are always referenced and cannot be unreferenced later. Aliased data stores can never be deleted so only do so if you want them to live forever.

To remove reference to a data store, remove all its IFluidHandles from any referenced DDSes. The data store then becomes eligible for GC.

> > Note that there should be at least one aliased data store with at least one DDS in a container. This is the starting point for GC to look for other referenced objects in the container.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
> Note: There should be at least one aliased data store with at least one DDS in a container. This is the starting point for GC to look for other referenced objects in the container.
```

### Attachment blobs

> The only way to reference attachment blobs is to store its IFluidHandle in a referenced DDS similar to data stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only way to reference an attachment blob is to store its IFluidHandle in a referenced DDS, similar to data stores.
```

> To remove reference to an attachment blob, remove all its IFluidHandles from any referenced DDSes. The attachment blob then becomes eligible for GC.

Reviewer: I might phrase this in reverse, more passively (which reflect usage):

```suggestion
Once there are no more referenced DDSes in the container containing a handle to a particular attachment blob, that attachment blob is unreferenced and is eligible for GC.
```

## GC algorithm
The GC algorithm runs in two phases:

### Mark phase
In this phase, the GC algorithm identifies all Fluid objects that are unreferenced and marks them as such:
1. It starts at the root (aliased) data stores and marks them and all their DDSes as referenced.

>     > Note: Currently all DDSes are considered as root so they are always referenced. This may change in the future.

Reviewer: This phrasing "all DDSes are considered as root" makes sense to you and me (because we're thinking about the symmetry of layers and how they're root _within their containing DataStoreRuntime_), but at first glance it sounds like every DDS in a container is considered root.  So I would avoid this wording.

2. It finds the handles stored in DDSes from #1 and marks the objects corresponding to the handles as referenced.

> 3. It finds the handles stored in DDSes from #2 and marks the objects corresponding to the handles as referenced and so on until it has scanned all objects.

Reviewer: I would invoke recursion here - "It recursively finds handles stored in referenced DDSes and marks..."

See `IGCRuntimeOptions` in [containerRuntime.ts](./src/containerRuntime.ts) for more options to control GC behavior.

> ### Sweep phase

Reviewer: I would mention something about how objects are only swept once the system is sure that they could never be referenced again by any active clients (a nod to Session Expiry but you don't have to talk about it that way)

> In this phase, the GC algorithm identifies all Fluid objects that have been unreferenced for a specific amount of time (`deleteTimeout`) and deletes them. Deleted objects are removed from the Fluid file and cannot be brought back (revived).

Reviewer: deleteTimeout?

Reviewer: And maybe mention this value is typically between 30-40 days or something
